VERY IMPORTANT: The following license is ONLY for the code, files,
directories, and processes in the GitHub repository: 

https://github.com/dr-costas/vim_pyde

All other files, processes, code, directories, or
whatever is downloaded and used by the code and processes of
this repository (i.e https://github.com/dr-costas/vim_pyde) have their
corresponding licenses as defined by their creators 

======================================================

As software here are defined ONLY the files, code, processes, and
direcories in the https://github.com/dr-costas/vim_pyde repository.
all other software that is downloaded and/or directly or indirectly
used by the files, code, processes, and directories in the
https://github.com/dr-costas/vim_pyde repository, follow their own
licenses or license, as defined by their corresponding owners.

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <https://unlicense.org>

======================================================
